
Job search Candidate Zone Sign Out
Back
inShare
Software Developer

14279BR

Job Description

Employees in this role use design documentation, such as Functional Programming Specifications and high level design documents to implement the identified components. They also ensure that the implemented components are unit tested and ready to be integrated into the product. Software developers also provide fixes to defects identified by the verification team during the software development life cycle.

Primary job category

Software Development & Support

Secondary Job Category

Other Software Development & Support

Role ( Job Role )

Software Developer

Employment Type

Full-Time

Remote work possible?

No

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

Job Responsibilities:
- Work with global/local teams to analyze the business requirements and design, develop the solution by leveraging multiple IBM middlewares products and/or third parties products.
- Work with the global/local team leads to drive innovation during the full life cycle of development
- Responsible for the design, coding, unit testing, defect fix, etc
 

Preferred Technical and Professional Experience

Job Responsibilities:
- Work with global/local teams to analyze the business requirements and design, develop the solution by leveraging multiple IBM middlewares products and/or third parties products.
- Work with the global/local team leads to drive innovation during the full life cycle of development
- Responsible for the design, coding, unit testing, defect fix, etc
 

Eligibility Requirements

Job Requirements (skills/experiences):
- Graduates from international or Chinese top universities, major in Computer Science, EE etc
- Research area on machine learning or artificial intelligence are the strong plus
- Strong technical skills on Java/J2EE/Web applications, Java Script, JSP, HTML5/CSS etc
- Good communication skills in both Chinese and English
- Familiar with IBM products like WAS, DB2, Bluemix, and R, NoSQL or Hadoop, is a plu

Required Education

Bachelor's Degree

Preferred Education

Master's Degree

Travel Required

No Travel

IBM Business Group

T&O

Is this role a commissionable/sales incentive based position?

No

Country

China

State / Province

BEIJING

City / Township / Village

BEIJING

EO Statement

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.

ERBP

