
Job search Candidate Zone Sign Out
Back
inShare
Software Developer

19745BR

Job Description

Job requirements:

    Able to communicate with others clearly, smoothly and effectively
    Has strong sense of ownership and responsibility
    Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills
    Good English communication in writing , listening and speaking
    Deliver commitment on time, with high quality.
    Has following Technical Skills
        Experienced in Java and J2EE or in C++.
        Familiar with software engineering and software testing process.
        Familiar with operating systems, including Windows, Linux, AIX and Solaris is a plus
        Familiar with Database server(SQL, Oracle or DB2), LDAP server and HTTP server
        Knowledge/experience in Shell scripts, Jython/Python/Perl is a plus

Preferred:

    Current or former IBM Co op, Intern or Extreme Blue with SW project experience
    GPA (3.2 or higher on a 4.0 scale)
    Leadership demonstrated in campus or internship. 

Primary job category

Software Development & Support

Secondary Job Category

Other Software Development & Support

Role ( Job Role )

Software Developer

Employment Type

Full-Time

Remote work possible?

No

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

Basic Qualifications:
•Able to communicate with others clearly, smoothly and effectively
•Has strong sense of ownership and responsibility
•Analyze requirements, participate in design of new features in the product.
•Develop/implement of feature design for product new release..
•Collaborate/communicate with global stakeholders to achieve development goals.
•Work across organization boundaries to achieve objectives.
•Passionate to software development. An independent, assertive, self-motivated, creative, dynamic, and flexible approach is required, whilst offering and open to new ideas.
•Good English communication in writing , listening and speaking
•Deliver commitment on time, with high quality.

Preferred Technical and Professional Experience

Preferred:
•Current or former IBM Co op, Intern or Extreme Blue with SW project experience
•GPA (3.2 or higher on a 4.0 scale)
Leadership demonstrated in campus or internship

Eligibility Requirements

none

Required Education

Bachelor's Degree

Preferred Education

Doctorate Degree

Travel Required

No Travel

IBM Business Group

GBS

Is this role a commissionable/sales incentive based position?

No

Country

China

State / Province

BEIJING

City / Township / Village

BEIJING

EO Statement

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
↑ Scroll to top
